hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day so in fifth grade I
used to make paper airplanes with my
best friend Tim now which of two
different approaches you see I would
read books and trying to figure out the
best way to make a paper airplane based
on other people's experience and Tim
would take the time and build them his
self now the results were pretty
interesting Tim was always better than I
was now I chalk that up to the fact that
I believe I had a knowledge of how to
build paper airplanes but Tim actually
had an understanding of it so today I'm
going to take you to Germany I found an
academic club there that not only
focuses on the knowledge of how these
things work but they actually put it
into practice and gain an understanding
so today we're going to start a two part
video series first of all I'm going to
show you how to launch a glider and then
in a later video I want to show you what
it's like in the cockpit with us Destin
let's get smarter every day
now the wings are taped on really noisy
if you don't tape it and it helps for
the airflow
okay so gliding is a huge game of
balancing your energy you go from
kinetic energy to potential energy and
back and forth again
okay there's two ways to get potential
energy into the system and the first one
is an airplane and the second way is a
winch and Katherina Katherina is
operating the winch okay this is
absolute genius
you pull the glider from way down there
with this winch
are you serious
that is amazing
so she's pulling the rope in as it falls
for the parachute so there's no /
perfect you're very good at this
yeah and this is too plain and then when
no it starts this and render yeah yeah
yep then it falls out automatically and
the net that makes the parachute operate
yeah the parachute is that it doesn't
call it that fast your job is very
important otherwise the siblings cannot
start yeah so when I outfitted the
gliders with different camera views the
point was to learn so these are all
students and we're looking at all the
different videos to make sure we did
everything correctly and they're trying
to learn what they did wrong what they
can do better next time
playing with efficiencies and drag and
things like that so it's really fun
anyway getting smarter every day please
subscribe and we're going to a disco
party in our glider is it really
tradition to wear a hat like this or you
guys just making fun of me
oh ok if you want more information about
gliders in germany you need to talk to
this lady Florentina here in germany so
how can we contact you what's your group
name you could contact us on our home
page it's the academic writing group at
the castle Institute of Technology this
is now the Black Forest
but I was like yeah that's good she made
it smaller
I'm by blue it's in the tree